


	Being 19 years old, I have learned from my elders that I should seriously start to think critically about my future. I have spent countless nights wondering about what opportunities are out there for me, what is impractical- like a voice actor, and what is within my reach in terms of creating a stable, comfortable living environment, as well as something I will truly be passionate about. 
	My desire is to have a solid career in networking, and I have concluded this based on my affinity for troubleshooting and detecting problems within vast amounts of hardware. I am slowly and progressively reaching my goals of having a career in networking, for as of right now, I am building the necessary credentials on my resume.
	 I am currently attending a continuing education program at Rutgers New Brunswick, NJ for a programming certificate. I am also studying for the compTIA Network+ exam as well. I am pretty confident that I will be able to expand my knowledge within the networking industry upon my entry. 
	The coding bootcamp that I am attending is a very resourceful school where I can get a hold of a myriad of information. This bootcamp is unique, as opposed to other bootcamps that are often advertised with marketing rhetoric, but ultimately fall short. The Rutgers coding bootcamp offers career services, which assists students in finding employers as well as potential jobs in the programming industry. I do not plan to involve myself in the career services, for I would like to utilize this course for a certificate to display on my resume. As previously mentioned, I would like to rise up in the networking hierarchy. In order to do so, it is ideal to have some form of higher education, and I fervently believe that 6 months at a coding bootcamp is a much more smart decision than 4 years at a university, creating debt.
	On my spare time, when I am not worrying too much about school or studying for standardized tests, I enjoy volunteering. I volunteer at my local library in Sayreville NJ, where I come in for a few hours a week to volunteer. I love the faculty, and we all have big plans for upgrading the library to allow visitors a more gratifying experience. We are currently working on a fundraiser to accumulate enough money to replace every Windows 7 computer in the library into brand new Windows 10 computers. Giving back to the community really keeps me going.